CHAPTER 13
Book Questions:

2) Judgment for Overman. The printed form of offer did not make accepting the offer depend upon signing on the reverse side of the paper. Consequently a letter that would make a reasonable person believe that the offer had been accepted was effective as an acceptance. Overman's letter expressed that intent and therefore constituted an acceptance of Brown's offer, thereby giving rise to a contract. 

3) In order to form a contract, an offer must be accepted as tendered. If the purported acceptance of an offer introduces additional or variant terms, it constitutes a counter-offer, which operates as a rejection of the original offer.

8) There was not a binding contract between A and C, as A never had an opportunity to accept the counter-offer C made by modifying the original contract.

10) In the commercial setting, we are unwilling to hold that the landlord's refusal to renew a lease for motives which are, or may be, improper gives the tenant the right to remain on the premises indefinitely. The failure of a lessor to include a renewal provision in a lease is unconscionable, and there is no basis for declaring that public policy requires such a provision in some elases and not in others.

13) The seller's acceptance was timely communicated to the buyer so as to create a valid and binding contract.

Departmental Questions:
1) In this case, he can not recover on express or implied contract, as it was implied that the service was done for free. He may be able to recover based on quasi contract.

2) There was an implied contract, since Hawley often had work done at Hoff's garage. He left the broken car there, informed Hoff that it was broken, and did not give Hoff any reasonable doubt that he wanted it fixed. Had he also adjusted the carburetor and straightened a fender, he could not recover for this, as these services were never discussed, nor did Hawley have an opportunity to prevent them.

3) As there was no contract of employment, and James knew that there was no contract of employment, he may not recover.

4) Good had broken an implied contract with the beggar.

5) She cannot recover, as these were family-type gifts.

Supplemental Questions:
1) D did not make an offer to the P that made him responsible to sell the property. From the letter written by D, it can be seen that he intended this price to open up the negotiation process and this was not a final offer to sell.  The language used in D’s letter was of general nature that is seen in advertisements and it was not an offer by which D may be bound, if accepted by P.

2) The sole question involved is whether such advertisement and correspondence establish such a contract as the court will specifically enforce. Defendant advertised the property for sale. Plaintiff inquired as to the terms of sale. Defendant stated the terms and invited the plaintiff to make an offer. Plaintiff, in pursuance of that request, made such an offer. There was no withdrawal of the original terms of the sale made by defendant, but defendant did reject the plaintiff's offer made in pursuance of her suggestion. Plaintiff then accepted defendant's original offer. We think there is sufficient to constitute an enforceable contract between the parties.

3) A revocation is effective only on the offeree's receipt. If an offeree dispatches an acceptance after the offeror has dispatched a revocation but before the revocation arrives, a contract is formed.

4) This can be considered a gratiuitious option on A's behalf, and A was incorrect.

5) The time and manner of payment of the purchase price with reference to the time of delivery of possession of the assets of the partnership was a material part of the transaction in this case and, when the plaintiff proposed in his alleged acceptance conditions other than cash upon delivery of the property and business, he imposed new or other conditions not contemplated in the offer. Such constituted a counter proposal as to a material term of the sale, to which the defendant was required to assent before there could be a meeting of the minds of the parties. The fundamental basis of a suit for specific performance is that there be a contract between the parties. Since there was no binding contract between the plaintiff and the defendant, there can be no right of the plaintiff to a decree for specific performance.
